[MUSIC]
Meet Avlani, a well-educated Indian
woman who travels to the US but
shopping at Target turns out to be costly for her.
After spending 7 hours in the store, Avlani is caught walking out of the store with goods worth ₹1 lakh in the trolley.
The clip gets more viral after the police releases the body cam footage of him being
questioned
as Avlani thought he will end the matter by paying money,
maybe this is what happens all over the world.
So I am really sorry I am ready to pay for
this.
That's again I understand you are sorry.  I
know you are ready to pay for now but you didn't want to
pay for then.  So I need to give you
identification.
767 If it is that much I don't mind
paying you.  For pass that.
I don't know why you keep
saying over and over.  I told you many times
we are near that.  Shoplifting is nothing
new for Americans.  But
in Trump's America, the hatred against Indians is
increasing a lot these days.  And such
incidents serve to fuel this hate narrative and this stereotype.
Indian
Invasion type pages have been created which are leaving no stone unturned to defame our country and
its people.
And when such
tourists go, they
also get ready-made content.  I don't mind
paying for it.  You can see the video.  I don't
mind paying for it.  And finishing it
off.  I need to take these articles from as
gifting.  I promise.  But if I'm paying
for it, what is a harm.
Ablani did suffer harm.  The name of the nation has suffered more than you
and in Ablani's case, there cannot
even be an issue of miscommunication.
He knows English very well.  She knew
what she was doing and pretending to be a poor person in
front of the police or the world was
not going to help.  He is
arrested.  By the way, a
day after this incident, more humiliation occurs.  US Embassy in
India issues a fresh bonding.   It
says that if any person who is in America on a visa
commits assault, thieving
, burglary or if
any such incident takes place in the USA, his visa will be permanently
cancelled.  And if this
was the only one then there would be no tension.
Sagar Singh was detained in Singapore a few weeks ago.
They were shoplifting goods worth ₹ 1 lakh from five different places in 3T3 of the huge mega airport Shangi airport,
brother, these are
educated well to do Indians and these are
their exploits.  In such a situation, there is no
dearth of racism in our world today.   There is no
dearth of stereotypes and these people are
reinforcing the stereotypes with their actions.  They are ruining the country's name.  They are
insulting us.
That is why we call these educated fools as patriots but
fool swag.  Because like the naked king,
they are unable to understand.  They do
not even understand that the world is
not respecting them.  She is
looking at them.  She is spitting.  She is making fun of them.
Hence today's episode of Gawar Swag Part 2 is to
shame those educated idiots
and to alert those patriots who
know that our conduct,
especially in foreign countries, becomes the identity of our country.
Especially in today's social media age
where every video, every wrongdoing can go viral like this.
So this jumping around in planes,
eating in trains, becoming a worshiper of lust,
dancing around on the streets after drinking alcohol - brother, we will have to reduce it a bit
and adopt the policy of 'as the country so the dress'.
Otherwise,
I am telling you that tomorrow it will be impossible for us to
go out and for our students to go out.
Before we begin, a quick thanks to Outskill who are
also our partners for the episode today and who
can help you take your skills to the international level so that tomorrow you
too can go abroad with a skill.  This is made possible
through their two-day weekend AI training program.  The best thing is that this
training costs ₹10,000 but
it is absolutely free for patriotic subscribers.
No strings attached.  What is the plan?  Have to
subscribe the channel.  You have to click on the link given below
which is the link of Outscale.
Here you will get 16 hours of live AI
training spread across two days this coming
Saturday and Sunday from 10:00 AM to
7:00 PM with over 20 AI
training tools.  Like prop
engineering so that you can get the best results from AI.
How can you do data analysis without coding?
How can you create AI tools without coding?  How to
create stunning images and videos
with AI tools as you may have
seen recently on our channel.
How can you create AI agents that
can automate your work to boost your productivity and do
much more, whether you are in the tech field or
non-tech field.  This course will be
useful for you.  Whether you are
in marketing, HR, operations,
business owner, freelancer, everyone has
benefited from it.  More than 1 lakh people have
attended this course in 40 countries.
As I said,
it is absolutely free for the patriotic family.  But the slot will
have to be booked for the weekend.  I have
given the link in the description box below.
Make sure that you join the WhatsApp
group to receive all the updates and
don't forget to join the session on Saturday at 10:00 AM.
In part one of Gwar Swag we
introduced you to Malik SD Khan or popularly
known as Swash Blur Malik.
This was a blot on the name of the content creator.   Used to make
indecent comments on women.  He used to
narrate his frustrated fantasies on camera
and also enact patriotic plays.   The
Turkish police caught them well.  When
they were taken care of, the ghost of social media
descended upon them.  But after that episode, there were
thousands of comments.  You should go and see
those comments yourself and see what is
written in those comments, how people are
saying that every single person of our country is
becoming a huge threat to our country,
this kind of illiterate swag like Wonderless Giri
writes that he has visited 10 countries
but now he
keeps himself away from Indians abroad and
he is forced to do this work because
people from here who go abroad,
talk loudly on the phone, behave rudely with people,
they do not know how to respect shared spaces.  It does
not reflect our civilization.  But the
impression it creates gets imprinted on others.
This is what people remember.  So Wondrous Giri
says that I try to
leave behind the impression of India which is respect, humility, consideration for others, when I go abroad.
Can the rest of us do the same thing
?  Today's episode of Deshbhakt is
for Global Indians like Wonderless Giri
who want us to have a good image.
This work is not easy.  I also agree with this
because international travelers have
repeatedly warned us that we have
ruined our reputation and
we don’t even understand
where we are going wrong and why people are hating us
and making fun of us.
Look, the clip of Aavlani has gone
viral in the last 24 hours,
but every other day some clip or the other goes
viral and the name of our country goes
down.  Now people are
not posting clips against India but are creating social media pages
and are filling them with content.
As in this viral clip, a
female model is seen multitasking in London tube,
talking loudly on the phone
and eating loudly with her hands.
Now maybe this has become normal in our country
but such behaviour
in public space
definitely surprises people abroad.  But we
also have some fun in breaking the rules.
Not by mistake but intentionally too.
Look at this brother.  Rishabh Singh
calls himself a patriot.  They
call themselves Proud of India.  They
even show on their phones that eating and drinking is prohibited here.
But then he is eating and drinking and giving a thumbs up to
show that look how big a chad I am.
How did I break the rules?  It is
because of such uneducated people that the country is being ruined today.
Our reputation is
going down.  Look at this brother,
how he is bringing glory to the country in New Zealand.
We probably can't even imagine
how many seeds of hatred, racism and
stereotypes we are sowing
for ourselves.  And many things will seem normal to us too.
We will say what is wrong?  Like
look at this brother.  Uber Eats seems to be something
like this.  The drivers are cyborgs.  Had come to pick up food.
Now brother where will you park your car?   You
will park your car directly in front of the restaurant, right?  Now if there is parking nearby,
that is for someone else.  We
will park the car in the middle.  Be it in the middle of the road or in the
middle of the parking lot.  Now even if he is
angry, so be it.  What can we do
?  This is normal behavior for us.  Now
the child will not dance on the table.  If he wo
n't play on the table, will he sit below?
Are?  Imagine if you try to interrupt any Indian parent
in our country regarding a child,
you would be in trouble.
So this work is happening outside as well.
If
anyone even dares to step near the statue of our Lord,
his feet will be cut off.  But when it
comes to others' thoughts about God,
their faith and belief,
Sanuk makes a difference.  Like
in Thailand, fruits are being plucked by climbing on the Buddha statue.
This same cheapness will
drown us.  If we are not Vishwa Guru (world guru), we will
remain fruit stealers and the
pleasure we get in gaining from the system is
immense.  That's why we are experts at stealing food from food banks,
abusing food stamps, etc.
And
we are being recognized for all these things all over the world.
We have become experts in breaking the system which runs on trust, the system which runs on a social contract.  As soon as we
sit in the plane, our rustic
swag gets wings.  If
any flight crew today runs away or does
not come to us after seeing us, that could be racism.  It
can definitely happen.  But maybe
racism may not exist.  There could only be fear.
You know very well
how much of a hurry we get as soon as the flight lands.  How
quickly we fly away.
We are the ones who are the busiest across the world.  We have to get
off the flight as early as possible.  But this
is old news.  What is new in this?   In
fact, Turkey has imposed a new rule.
If you unbuckle your seat belt or stand up
during the flight until the plane has completely stopped, you will be fined $0.  Imagine if
Air India Indigo implements such a rule that $0,
if you stand in the middle, you will
become rich.
Money will be money.
But all these things have become old.  We've
gone beyond fine shine and standing.
Now let us play cards by making a bridge over the island.
This is the new idiot swag.  And if you are
going to a fun place like Thailand, then
how can you sit on the seat?  We will go while
standing.  Ugh, I ca
n't control my excitement.   Even after
reaching Thailand, the Indians
working there are the same Indians
teaching the travelling Indians that brother,
walk on the footpath.  Don't walk in the middle of the road here.
Brother, can you see this?  You are educated,
right?  Walk on the sidewalk.
But whether it is Thailand or India or
England.  Because of our lust we are becoming more
infamous today.  Did you see that white wife on the train
?  Took him to observe him and to
trouble him.  I don't know English
but there should be no shortage of harassment.
Train India this fall.
So I was taking the same
stuff, take this one.
Because you are from India we should hang
out?
You want to hang out with me because I am
from India.  Has this ever happened
to anyone?  Are you going to try this editor
someday?  But all these things will
seem like comedy to you when you hear about the serious cases
which are becoming more frequent and
common.
Well, there is no need to tell you about the safety of women in our country.  The
situation has become such that
other countries are giving advisory that
if you are a solo woman, then do
not travel.  If you do, then it is
not our responsibility.  And the shameful thing is
that just a few weeks ago,
an Indian tourist was jailed in Singapore
for molesting a 12-year-old child
and also sending him inappropriate messages
on Instagram.  Parminder, 25, is serving a three-
month sentence in jail.
However, the punishment could have been 5 years imprisonment, fine and caning,
or all three under
Singapore law.  Maybe we too
should learn something from this matter in Singapore.  Because
if you talk about Indians and Indian students
in UK, then approaching under-age girls with the
intention of exploiting them is becoming very common these days
and a
lot of such footage is being posted on social media handles which is
defaming our countrymen and our country's name.
what's your name?
Bright,
bright.  Where are you from?
India sir?
India.  How many children will you talk to?
I guess you ask
the picture this is he knows I
think he knows he does not know what child having about
sleeping with each other
India come to
meet the police police it is a
matter of shame what are these people doing to our country
?  How his reputation is being
ruined.  Within just a few months, he is
going abroad and doing all these activities.
Recently by the way
fake news of Lifetime Golden Visa for 23 lakhs in Dubai
spread.  It is shameful that the
news was fake but the enthusiasm among the people was that
good days have come for those who will die that
brother,
you can go out of the country for life for less than Rs 25-30 lakh.  Anyway,
record numbers of people are leaving the country.
Be it high net worth individuals
or talented students, everyone is
thinking about migration.  What is the reason that
people want to go out of India so much?
What is?  Do people become so happy
that as soon as they go out of our country they just
start dancing?
I have never seen people dancing like this inside the country.
As much footage shows, people go
out and start dancing as soon as they arrive.
Like dancing in London as if
bring back three times the tax from the whites and the British or
look at that social media influencer as if
DDLJ Part 2 is being made in Switzerland.
Yash Chopra must also be watching from above.  I
thought, Oh God, what have I done to
Switzerland?
Uncle and aunty would never have shaken their belly so much in India as they are
shaking it in front of a crowd in Thailand.  Hey
bro need to hesitate a little bit and our
Gujarati brothers are a different case altogether.
Now other tourists go abroad to
explore and absorb the culture.
Now look at these.  They travel abroad to
show and absorb their culture to others.
In Austria, the song was
stopped and the entire dance was performed by playing Garba.
See what happened in Burj Khalifa.
Hey, leave aside the sights of Dubai.
First, we will dance on top of the world.   We
will perform coordinated dance in coordinated dresses.  We will put the stamp of India.  And
I'm not talking about dancing and singing in Toronto Montreal.
They have become our own local
cities.  So this is not even a foreign country.
Sometimes if such acts happen we
can say ok next but cute but when
it becomes so cringe pro max it becomes
so frequent it becomes systematic
then we should look at the country's image and the
growing hatred towards the countrymen and we should
understand that by what we are doing
we are worsening the condition of the Indians in that country.  It is
our responsibility
friend because if we continue doing such things then
in the coming days neither you are going to get
visa to travel nor
our students are going to get
visa to study abroad.  So such
people need to be stopped.  Uncle first
ate his food sitting on the floor of the airport.
See how good our civilization is.  And now
sitting in the plane he is showing off his rustic swag.  I
washed my hands with a thumbs up at the restaurant.
Oh brother what a flex.  o
Flex.  Yo I am so cool rest abe abe if you get
rid of the thumbs up then what have you done
brother, even if the government with difficulty makes something good, if it
makes the roads and the things good then for the
sake of reels we will destroy all that as well, will
spoil the infrastructure as well,
in such cases where the violation is clearly proven, the
government should directly crush it, be it a motorcycle
or a Thar car, by broadcasting it live on social media,
everyone will come in the Thar line, in two days
some of our people who are very
educated, are very liberal.
He said no no you fool swag are
using the wrong terminology.  So
I tell them that even in a rural area, an illiterate
person would not do such a thing which today's
educated and uneducated swagger does.  Hey, the
mentality of the people in the village is much more than that.  He
is much more mature than that.  Because no
illiterate village person would do such a despicable
act.  The act of stealing a life jacket.
That too within the budget airline, this is a
new level of stupidity, brother.  Hey ok ok I
know that our smart cities get flooded these days.  It
is monsoon time.  But
what will you do now after stealing the life jacket?   If you
get anything, will you steal it?  That's why
I am saying that brother there is a need to stop them a little.
Now see what Ashita
did?  Tamang.  What did Ashita Tamang do in Nepal
?  Yes.  Is a social activist.
Migrant labourers were caught from our place itself.  He was
directly urinating and
threatened me in front of everyone and recorded the video.
I am not saying that you should
go and talk to everyone but at least
record it.  Create a fear in people's minds
that anything can go viral anywhere.  This
is not cool.  This is idiot swag.  This is
a stigma of being educated illiterate which we have to
stop.  Otherwise, do you know what will happen?
Listen to the words of this Uber driver.
People will see you in the same way.
In the coming days when you go abroad.
You guys think about the people that you are
studying to hate.
We don't think anything because we are also
coming in another country.  So they tell like bad
words everything so
we make up if you are bad
or feel bad but we don't say anything.
[MUSIC]
On Patriot we
talk a lot about politics, geopolitics, economics,
and I never say
share the episode.  But this is an episode
about the image of our country, the society of our country.  I
would like you to share this
and make people a little aware
because this is going to impact us in the coming days.  It is going to
impact our children.  Imagine if someone
wants to study in a good college abroad and even
gets admission, he will not get a visa.  By the
way a quick thanks to our episode
partners Outskill.  As I
told you there is a free AI course for the coming
weekend, the course worth Rs. 10,000 is absolutely free.
I have provided the link for you in the description below.  Use it.
Try to understand AI.
Try to increase your productivity
and also try to stop idiots.
Victory